Individual Project

How to run?
-----------

On running make, three executables will be generated - server, lock_sample, dsm_sample
To run the server just type - ./server
To run any client type - ./client <local-ip> <list of rest ips>...

Every client communicates only with the local server.

Every client should first call psu_init_lock_mgr for all tasks.

For the distributed lock, all servers maintain a database of locks. Each lock operates
according to the Ricart Agrawala algorithm.

For the distributed shared memory, all servers maintain a directory containing information
about each mallocd data segment. Shared memory (shmget, shmat) is used for sharing data
between client and server on a machine. mprotect is used to modify the protection of the
memory segment. M -> PROT_READ | PROT_WRITE, S -> PROT_READ, I -> PROT_NONE.

What are the RPC calls?
-----------------------

1. INIT - Used by the client to initialize the local server. It lets the server know about other
          machines in the cluster

2. ACQUIRE_LOCK - Used by the client to acquire the lock with the passed lock number
3. RELEASE_LOCK - Used by the client to release the lock with the passed lock number

4. REQUEST - Sent by server to all other servers in the cluster when its clients wishes to
             acquire the lock.
5. REPLY - Sent by the server to the server that requested the lock. The message can be deferred
           or sent immediately according to the Ricart-Agarwala algorithm.

6. MALLOC - Sent by the client to the local server when the client wishes to allocate a distributed
            shared memory.
7. FREE - Sent by the client to the local server when the client wishes to free the distributed
          shared memory.

7. PREAD - Sent by the client to the local server when client wishes to read data from the mallocd
           segment.
8. PWRITE - Sent by the client to the local server when client wishes to write date to the mallocd
            segment.

9. NMALLOC - Sent by the server to all other servers to let them know about a newly mallocd segment.
10. NFREE - Sent by the server to all other servers to let them know it doesn't have the data segment.
11. NREAD - Sent by the server to another server who has the data segment
12. NINV - Sent by the server to all other servers to invalidate their data segments.
